feat(curriculum): add set 2 for computer basics quiz (#59759)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/quiz-computer-basics/66ed8fb9f45ce3ece4053eac.md

The CPU.

## --quiz--

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is a basic part of the computer?

#### --distractors--

> The word processer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The word processor. 
```

---

The task manager.

---

The memory manager.

#### --answer--

The central processing unit.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is a pointing device for a computer?

#### --distractors--

A stick for pointing at computers.

---

A retractable device used in PowerPoint presentations.

---

A laser pointer.

#### --answer--

> An ergonomic keyword.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A mouse or touchpad.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

What is a type of ISP provider?

#### --distractors--

Satellite.

---

Fiber optic.

---

Dial up.

#### --answer--

Tier 1.

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is a best-practice when naming files for a web application?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What is a best practice when naming files for a web application?
```

#### --distractors--

Using special characters.

---

Using spaces to separate the words.

---

Using generic words.

#### --answer--

Using hyphens instead of spaces.

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is a common file type when working with web applications?

#### --distractors--

> .xls
> 
> ---
> 
> .aud
> 
> ---
> 
> .doc
> 
> #### --answer--
> 
> .css

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`.xls`

---

`.aud`

---

`.doc`

#### --answer--

`.css`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

What is a common file type for a video file?

#### --distractors--

> .vid
> 
> ---
> 
> .mp3
> 
> ---
> 
> .wav
> 
> #### --answer--
> 
> .mp4

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`.vid`

---

`.mp3`

---

`.wav`

#### --answer--

`.mp4`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following types is commonly used for image files?

#### --distractors--

> .pix
> 
> ---
> 
> .ppg
> 
> ---
> 
> .gfi
> 
> #### --answer--
> 
> .svg
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`.pix`

---

`.ppg`

---

`.gfi`

#### --answer--

`.svg`

```

### --question--

#### --text--

> MicroSoft Edge is supported by which operating system?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Microsoft Edge is supported by which operating system?
```

#### --distractors--

Linux

---

MacOS

---

Unix

#### --answer--

Windows

### --question--

#### --text--

What is a search engine?

#### --distractors--

A part of the hard drive of a computer.

---

Advanced software that is only used by academic researchers.

---

> A component search engine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A tool for finding web components.
```

Just to make it a little less repetitive with the question.

#### --answer--

A web based tool for searching information on the internet.

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which of the following is not a type of browser?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which of the following is NOT a type of browser?
```

#### --distractors--

> Chrome

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google Chrome
```

---

Mozilla Firefox

---

> MicroSoft Edge

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Microsoft Edge
```

#### --answer--

> Google

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> Which of the following is not cloud-based hosting service for repositories?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which of the following is NOT a cloud-based hosting service for repositories?
```

#### --distractors--

GitHub

---

GitLab

---

BitBucket

#### --answer--

Gitpod

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is not primarily a part of an integrated development environment?

#### --distractors--

A tool for writing.

---

A tool for testing code.

---

A tool for debugging code.

#### --answer--

A tool for storing code.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is a best practice for naming files?

#### --distractors--

Creating a script that uses the same file names for all your projects.

---

Naming the main file with the same name as the folder it is in.

---

Using a unique sequence of numbers at the end of the file name.

#### --answer--

Using a descriptive name for each file.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is the built-in way you can use to search for files on your computer?

#### --distractors--

Google or Firefox.

---

A search engine.

---

GitHub.

#### --answer--

> Explorer or Finder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The file explorer.
```

The actual application used varies wildly on Linux distros.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is a common search strategy to search for file types?

#### --distractors--

`site:`

---

`typeof:`

---

`type:`

#### --answer--

`filetype:`

### --question--

#### --text--

Which of the following is not a common web browser?

#### --distractors--

Google

---

Yahoo

---

Bing

#### --answer--

> Chrome

Reviewer: we already have a similar question earlier.
Let's come up with a different one

Author: Included a new question about default web page.

> styles.css
> 
> ---
> 
> main.html
> 
> ---
> 
> home.html
> 
> #### --answer--
> 
> index.html

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`styles.css`

---

`main.html`

---

`home.html`

#### --answer--

`index.html`
```

### --question--

#### --text--

Which file managers can you use to create, move, and delete files?

#### --distractors--

Google or Bing.

---

Windows or MacOS.

---

Findex or Firefox.

#### --answer--

Explorer or Finder.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is Git?

#### --distractors--

> A centralized storeage location for code repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A centralized storage location for code repositories.
```

---

A tool for adding, updating, and removing libraries and project dependencies.

---

A cloud-based hosting service for repositories.

#### --answer--

A version control system for tracking changes and collaborating with others.

### --question--

#### --text--

What is random access memory?

#### --distractors--

> A permanent storeage location that is used to store data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A permanent storage location that is used to store data.
```

---

A volatile way to access data in a sequential manner.

---

A processor used for generating passwords.

#### --answer--

> A temporary storeage location for the computer's central processing unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A temporary storage location for the computer's central processing unit.
```

### --question--

#### --text--

> What is a file format that is used to compress files?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which file format is used to compress files?
```

The CPU.

> # --quizzes--

Reviewer: this shouldn't be here. this header already exists at the top of the file.

Author: removed
